docs: improve Typescript documentation (#631)
callstack/haul: docs/Recipes.md

```yarn add --dev ts-loader```

> To use the Typescript compiler exclusively on Typescript files without Babel's intervention, you have to remove the Babel loader and then readd it to the module rules. This is needed if you want to use Typescript features that are currently not supported by Babel, like `const enum` or `namespace`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Typescript compiler exclusively on Typescript files without Babel's intervention, you have to remove the Babel loader and then re-add it to the module rules. This is needed if you want to use Typescript features that are currently not supported by Babel, like `const enum` or `namespace`.
```

Author: Done.
